Add documentation for custom clustering and multiplex_filtering into webpages (#923)
xia2/xia2: doc/sphinx/multiplex/custom_clustering_via_html.rst

++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Custom Clustering via HTML
++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. important::

    The features described on this page require DIALS >= 3.28.0. They are not available in earlier versions of DIALS.

> ``xia2.multiplex`` outputs a html file summarising the outcome of the multi-crystal analysis (``xia2.multiplex.html``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``xia2.multiplex`` outputs an HTML file summarising the outcome of the multi-crystal analysis (``xia2.multiplex.html``).
```

In ``xia2.multiplex.html``, a range of intensity-based clustering graphs are produced. For help interpreting these plots,
see this `clustering tutorial`_. For coordinate clustering, it is possible that you may want a cluster scaled and merged that
is not automatically identified. For hierarchical clustering, it is :doc:`possible<intensity_based_clustering>`, but fiddly

> to set the commandline parameters to output the cluster you want. It is now possible to select clusters from ``xia2.multiplex.html``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to set the command-line parameters to output the cluster you want. It is now possible to select clusters from ``xia2.multiplex.html``
```

to simplify this process.

--------
Overview
--------
By interacting with the intensity-based clustering graphs as described below, a pop-up box will appear in your web browser.
This will provide a multiplex input command. To scale and merge the cluster you selected, all you need to do is paste this
command into your terminal and run it. This will run a multiplex job to scale and merge this subset of data only.
This command specifies the sub-set of datasets from your selection, and uses the 
``xia2-multiplex-working.phil`` file to configure multiplex in the same way as the original job. This means you do not need
to specify the input files again, as they are imported from ``xia2-multiplex-working.phil``. Note that this will not provide

> side-by-side comparison of data quality statisitics as you would get if you :doc:`selected clusters via the commandline<intensity_based_clustering>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
side-by-side comparison of data quality statistics as you would get if you :doc:`selected clusters via the command-line<intensity_based_clustering>`.
```
(two changes)
